1. write a program that asks user to enter a sentence.
                then print the first & last characters of the sentence

2. write a program that asks user to enter two strings, and print out the longest string  


3. write a program that can check if the first and last characters of the string are same
            ex:
                level
            output:
                same

4. write a program that can return the initials of the user

            ex:
                cybertek 
                school

            output:
                C.S

        Note: Pay attention to the example output


5. Write a method that asks user to enter a string.
        if the string is empty, print: string is empty
        if the string has more than 3 characters, print the last three characters
        if the string has less than or equal 3 characters, print the string itself


6. write a program that asks the user enter a three letter word. Check if the middle character of the given word is 'a'. In the case it is print: "Cool word", but in the case the middle letter is not 'a' print: "Okay word". 
     - If the user does not enter a 3 letter word tell them: 
             If the word is less than 3 letters: "Word is too short"
             If the word is too long: "Word is too long"


7. Write a program  for CheckWords, the program accepts 3 words and :
            - if they are same length:  print "All words are same length"
            - if some same length and others not:    print "Not Same nor Different lengths"
            - if all different length :  print "All different length"


8. You are writing a code for the log-in function of the Cybertek Application, assume that your credentials are:
                    username: Cydeo
                    password: WoodenSpoon

        Ask the user to enter their credentials. If credentials are matched, your program should print "Logged in." 
        otherwise print "Incorrect username or password" as error message

    	Hints: 	In order to login, both username and password MUST be correct
    			you will need to use equals() method

