Tasks
	1. Write a program that can calculate the area and perimeter of a circle:
			1. Ask the user "Enter the radius of the circle:"
				if user enters 0 or negative numbers, terminate the program after displaying the error message "Invalid Entry for the radius of the circle"

			2. Display:
					1. Diameter of circle
					2. Area of circle
					3. Perimeter of circle

			3. Ask the user "Would you like to calculate another circle?"
					If "yes" --> repeat the previous steps 
					If "No" --> Print "Thank you for using Cydeo Circle Calculator APP"

				If user enters an invalid entry, ask the user to re-enter until user provides a valid entry


	2. Write a program that can calculate the area and perimeter of a Square:
			1. Ask the user "Enter the side of the square:"
				if user enters 0 or negative numbers, terminate the program after displaying the error message "Invalid Entry for the side of the square"

			2. Display:
					1. Area of square
					2. Perimeter of square

			3. Ask the user "Would you like to calculate another Square?"
					If "yes" --> repeat the previous steps 
					If "No" --> Print "Thank you for using Cydeo Square Calculator APP"

				If user enters an invalid entry, ask the user to re-enter until user provides a valid entry


	3. Write a program that can calculate the area and perimeter of a Rectangle:
			1. Ask the user "Enter the length of the Rectangle:"
				if user enters 0 or negative numbers, terminate the program after displaying the error message "Invalid Entry for the length of the rectangle"

			2. Ask the user "Enter the width of the Rectangle:"
				if user enters 0 or negative numbers, terminate the program after displaying the error message "Invalid Entry for the width of the rectangle"

			3. Display:
					1. Area of rectangle
					2. Perimeter of rectangle

			4. Ask the user "Would you like to calculate another Rectangle?"
					If "yes" --> repeat the previous steps 
					If "No" --> Print "Thank you for using Cydeo Rectangle Calculator APP"

				If user enters an invalid entry, ask the user to re-enter until user provides a valid entry


	4. Write a program for grade calculator:
			1. Ask the user "Enter your score"
				If user enters invalid score, terminate the program after displaying the error message "Invalid Entry"

			 2. Display the grade of the student.
			 		90 ~ 100 ==> A
			 		80 ~ 89 ==> B
			 		70 ~ 79 ==> C
			 		60 ~ 69 ==> D
			 		0 ~ 59 ==> F

			2. Ask the user would you like to continue
				If "yes" --> repeat the previous steps
				If "no" --> print "Thank you for using Cydeo Grade Calculator APP"

				If user enters an invalid entry, terminate the program after displaying the error message "Invalid Entry"


	5. Write a program for the salary calculator
			1. Ask the user "How much you make an hour?"
					If user entered hourlyRate is 0 or negative, terminate the program after displaying the error message "Invalid Entry for Hourly Rate"

			2. Ask the user  "How many hours do you work per week?"
					if user entered weeklyHour is less than 1 or greater than 144, terminate the program after displaying the error message "Invalid Entry for Weekly Hours"

			3. Ask the user  "Enter your state tax rate"
					if the state tax rate is less than 0% or greater than 10%, terminate the program after displaying the error message "Invalid Entry for state tax Rate"


			4. Display:
					1. Gross Salary
					2. Federal Tax (assume that federal tax rate is 26%)
					3. State Tax
					4. Total Tax
					5. Net Income

			5. Ask the user "Would you like to continue?"
				If "yes" --> repeat all the previous steps
				If "no" --> print "Thank you for using Cydeo Salary Calculator APP"

				If user enters an invalid entry, terminate the program after displaying the error message "Invalid Entry"


	6.  Write a program that can find the character that has the highest frequency from a string





	