Tasks:
    1. Ask user to enter two words. Print first word without its first character 
        then print the second word without its first character.
                Input:
                    apple
                    banana
                Output:
                    ppleanana

    2. ask the user to enter a word. if the word ends with "ly", print "really???" ,  otherwise, print "never mind"


    3. Ask user to enter a word. If the work starts with x, print the word without x.
                    Input:
                        xcode
                    Output:
                        code

    4. Ask user to enter two words. Then add them together and print. 
    But if the last letter if the first word and the first letter of the last letter is the same, 
    print that character once.

                    Input:
                        one
                        eight
                    Output:
                        oneight

    5. Ask user to enter a word, 
        if the word starts with digits, print "first character is digit"
        if the word starts with uppercase letters, print "first character is lowercase letter"
        if the word starts with lowercase letters, print "first character is uppercase letter"
        if the word starts with special characters, print "first character is special character"


        HINT: 1. you need charAt() method
              2. Ascii Table


    6. Create a class called AccountNumber.
       Ask the user enter an account number (String). Check if these account number is valid.
            > If the account number begins with a “2” the account number should be 7 characters long
            > If the account number begins with a “5” the account number should be 10 characters long
            —> If the account number does not begin with a 2 or a 5 OR the account number lengths
                    do not meet the expected results print “Invalid account number”


    7. Create a class calledEmailTask1. 
       Assume that email address is constructed by person's first name and followed by an underscore and last name.

        Write a program that can swap first name with last name in the email (Seperated by an underscore).
        If the email doesn't contain an underscore print the given input email.    

            Ex:
                input: mike_tyson@gmail.com
                output: tyson_mike@gmail.com


    8. Create a class called EmailTask2.
       Assume that email address is constructed by person's first name and followed by an underscore and last name.

       Write a program that will print out information about user based on email. Print first name, last name, and domain.

       First and Last name should be printed with proper format - uppercase first letter and remaining lowercase.

               Ex:
                   input: 
                       craig_federighi@apple.com

                Output: 
                    First name: Craig
                    Last name: Federighi
                    Domain: apple



